Move all messager sender tests to flaky test plan (#2250)
GetStream/stream-chat-swift: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix jumps in Message List [#2226](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swift/pull/2226)
- Fix image flickers when adding image attachment to a message [#2226](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swift/pull/2226)
- Fix message list scrolling when popping from navigation stack [#2239](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swift/pull/2239)

> - Fix message timestamp not appering after hard deleting last message in group [#2226](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swift/pull/2226)

Reviewer: Typo: appearing

> - Fix message timestamp not appering after hard deleting last message in group [#2226](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swift/pull/2226)

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix message timestamp not appearing after hard deleting the last message in the group [#2226](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swift/pull/2226)
```
